Shinn Krammer
25/02/20

What have I learnt?
This week I learnt how to setup Visual Studio code with git and github. I have also learnt basic commands and workflows of
git and how it applies to a real project situation. I have learnt how to commit, branch, merge, push and pull thoroughly. 

Why have I learnt this?
Learning these will help me keep track of every piece of code I develop in both a solo and team environment. It will also
help with add extra features and fixing bugs with affecting anything live untiil a push has been executed.

How have I learnt this?
I have learnt this through my attempt at LabZero and praticing on practicegitbranching. I have also been watching videos on 
youtube for the applications of git to gain a better understanding of its purpose. I also did a group project today on how to 
apply the use of git in a group repository. Drawing out the branching git trees and seeing them in gitkraken really helped 
my understanding through my visual comprehension. 

What do I know now that I didn't know before?
When I first used github years ago I thought of it as only a folder drop to display folders of code. But now I understand its
great uses for larger scale group projects and keeping track of code history. 

What is the point?
Learning git and github helps with having multiple people work on multiple tasks (branches) of a large project while keeping
track of all changes. This eliminates wait times on for progression to a next chuck of code and can track down errors made in 
previous pushes.

What will I do to remember this learning?
Keep practicing and using git and git hub regularly and with more of my upcoming development assesments and projects.

What new understanding/skills have you gained?
I have gained a great headstart to my understanding on how group projects work in coding development. All the previous coding
experience I had was from solo projects and assignments. Understanding git has gave me a better perspective on keeping my code
files tidy and presentable.

What are the real life/work applications?
As mentioned previously git and github are great for working in team environments and for checking for errors in previous pushes.

What will I do to fill in anygaps in my understanding?
I will keep practicing at applications of git and finish the rest of the practicegitbranching tests.

